David he lied to me. He lied to me, and I hate him.
You know, I actually think Brian's been pretty good to you.
What, you're gonna defend the werewolf?
Okay, I think you're overreacting.
Look, not all werewolves are evil. Some of them are good people.
It's just the ones who hurt you are the ones that you hate.
If they're good werewolves, then why is everyone afraid of them?
Lisa, did you forget that the man who saved you was also a werewolf?
Look, ask yourself this.
Has Brian ever hurt you?
You know, just because he's a werewolf doesn't mean that he's a bad guy.
Yeah.
Maybe you're right.
I shouldn't hate him without knowing who he really is.
David, can I hear you? Can I stay with you until I figure everything out?
Of course, honey.
As long as you need.